Welcome to MCBE@ !

About:

MCBE@ is an audio recorder, mixer, and playback application. There are features for recording, playing, mixing, saving, and opening tracks. The application will open with 4 initial tracks set up. The user can add more tracks as he or she sees fit. These added tracks can also be removed by the user should the need arise.

Prep:

To be able to record tracks using this application, you will need to have a computer with a built in microphone or an external microphone that could be connected to the computer via the USB port.

In order to listen to the tracks, your computer must have a built in speaker or be connected to external speakers.

How To Use:

Generally, a user would begin by recording a track. To do this, click the record button and begin recording the track. When done recording, click the stop button.  Next a user would typically playback the track. This is done by pressing the play button. During playback, the user can manually stop the track from playing by hitting the pause button. This will stop and reset the track. If you would like to loop the track, that is have it play and then keep repeating once it finishes, check the box next to the track name. As long as this box is checked, the track will continue to loop until it is manually stopped.
The volume of the track playback can be set by moving the slider before the play button is pressed.
Tracks can be renamed by pressing the rename button and entering an appropriate name in the dialog box that pops up.
The next button will add the current recorded track to the master playback track. By pressing this button on multiple tracks, you can mix the tracks into a single track.
The save button can be used to save the current recorded track as a .wav file. This file can be opened and played with any .wav file player such as Windows Media Player.
The open button can be used to open .wav files created by this application. The opened file can then be played by pressing the play button.
A user also has the ability to clear a previously recorded track by pressing the delete button.

The menu bar provides the user with the ability to add more tracks and exit the application.
